Chapter 1: System
A system is a combination of software and hardware that provides a business solution for a business problem. 
It involves clients, analysts, designers, developers, testers, users, etc.
It involves a process, just like making movies, science experiments, etc.
Chapter 2: What Does A System Need?
Success of a system is measured by: 
1. Does the project solve the problem?
2. Is it easy to maintain and administer?
3. Is it scalable and meet the needs of the client?
4. Is a successful support system in place?
5. Was it delivered on time and ready to go?
6. Was the client happy with the finished product?
Chapter 3: The Software Development Process
Organization, planning, and utilizing various diagrammatic conventions are needed to develop a high quality software.
Computer scientists have created a view of this process.
This is known as the Software Development Life Cycle, or the SDLC.
Chapter 4: The SDLC and the Waterfall Model
The Waterfall Model is developed by Dr. Winston Royce in 1970 based on his experience developing software for spacecraft missions
The Waterfall Model Consists Of:
1. Problem Statement
2. Analysis
3. Design
4. Implementation
5. Integration and Test
6. Maintenance
In each step of the waterfall model, errors could occur that forces the developers to retreat to earlier step(s).
Mistakes found early in the process are easier to solve than the mistakes found later.
The cost of developing software is not spread equally over the phases. Maintenance is often the longest process.
Chapter 5: Project Management Tools
1. Gantt Chart:
Developed by mechanical engineer Henry Gnatt in the 1910's 
The Gantt Chart is typically used by people working on a large project such as dams or highway systems
The Gantt Chart helps project managers visualize, schedule, and track progress in software development
2. Unified Modeling Language (UML)
UML visually specifies parts of a system.
Complex software designs are much more easily described through UML than textually.
3. Daily Log
4. Weekly Reports 