What is a system?
A. A set of organs with a common structure or function.
B. A combination of software and hardware that provides a business solution for a business problem.
C. Windows 10
D. Where you go and find order in a bunch of chaos.
B
Which of the following is not what makes a system successful?
A. Does the project solve the problem?
B. Is it scalable and meet the needs of the client?
C. Was the client happy with the finished product?
D. Can I use it to create a meme?
D
Which of the following are not needed to create a high quality software?
A. A Team Of 4
B. Organization
C. Planning
D. Utilizing various diagrammatic conventions
A
What is the software development life cycle?
A. Something that is only applicable to tests
B. Sit down at the computer and just start coding
C. A view of what is needed to create a high quality software
D. Eat, sleep, code, repeat
C
Which of the following is not a part of the Waterfall Model?
A. Problem Statement
B. Integration and Test
C. Maintenance
D. This question is a trick question: all of them are a part of the Waterfall Model.
D
Which of the following is not a part of the Waterfall Model?
A. Create byte code for your program
B. Analysis
C. Implementation
D. Design
A
Why should we find errors of the program as early as possible?
A. Save money
B. To spend more days coding instead of commenting
C. To find excuses to avoid budget meetings
D. Because you will be bored otherwise
A
What does a Gnatt Chart do?
A. Calculate the cost needed for the program
B. Helps project managers visualize, schedule, and track progress in software development
C. Gives programmers a chance to stop programming for three seconds
D. Give fast programmers data they can use to brag about their programming skills
B
Why is Unified Modeling Language (UML) necessary?
A. Give programmers a chance to talk in languages others do not understand
B. Give hackers to hack into other computers more easily.
C. Complex software designs are much more easily described through UML than textually.
D. So programmers around the world do not have to all be able to speak English.
C
Who are involved in systems?
A. Clients
B. Testers
C. Analysts
D. All of the above
D